Welcome to Defenders of Deshmel!

You control the players - a bank of characters (BLUE circles) that you can add to the board, move around, and attack
enemies with.

In this simple turn based application, you take an action and the enemies will retaliate.

To Win: Defeat all of the enemies before they defeat you.

To start the game, select easy, medium, or hard, or load your previous game if you have saved one.

On your turn you can do on of the following actions for free:

In the game menu:
   Display Help
        Display this window at any time to view the rules.
   Display Character Stats
        Take this action at any time to learn about any character. Here you can view their attack power, weapon range,
        health remaining, and remaining charges of special actions
        - Click on the character, then click this button
   Save and Quit
        Take this action to end the game early and save your progress

Or one of these actions that consumes your turn action:
    Add Character
         Add a character from your character bank if there are any remaining
         - Click on the character, then click the square you want to add the character to, then click this button
    Move Character
         Move a character who is already on the board to an adjacent square, horizontally or vertically,
         but not through walls
         - Click on the character, then click the square you want to move the character to, then click this button
    Attack Enemy
         Attack any enemy in range of your weapon, vertically or horizontally, which you can do through walls for now
         - Click on the player, then click on the enemy, then click this button
    Special Action
         Trigger a character's special action - detailed below.
         - Click on the character, then click this button

To end the game, take the quit action from the main menu.

Special actions:
    - Fire Sorceress: Deal 3 damage to all enemies on the board
    - Ice Sorcerer: Reduces the attack power of all enemies by 1

Thanks for visiting the help menu.

